#summary This document contains the team organization plan.

= Introduction =

The team organization plan is based off Weinberg's ego-less approach.  This approach holds everyone equally responsible and allows the team structure to be more democratic.  While this approach complicates the number of line of communication, this can be minimized with a small group.  Also due to the high degree of uncertainty of this project, the democratic approach is much better.

The four person group in this project only gives 6 lines of communication which may still lead to confusion.  This can be solved with a centralized form of communication like a Wiki.  This team has and is actively using a Wiki along with Email to discuss group issues.

= Roles =

While the team is democratic in nature, it still has structure and each person still serves a purpose.

== Technical Leaders ==

People in the group with specialized knowledge should take a special leadership role.

  * Graphics Guru - Chris L.
  * Networking Guru - Chris B.

== Other Titles ==

These titles will be assigned to each member for a particular task.

  * Analyst
  * Tester
  * Designer 
  * Programmer
  * Librarian 

= The Tasks =

The milestones document will make sure that no one person will have too much responsibility during a development phase.

  * Networking - Handles client/server events and interfaces with the core.
    * Analyst - Chris B.
    * Tester - Jason
    * Designer - Chris B.
    * Programmer - Chris B.
    * Librarian - Chris B.

  * Abstract Input - Take inputs from devices and translate to meaningful input for the core.
    * Analyst - Jason
    * Tester - Chris B.
    * Designer - Jason
    * Programmer - Jason
    * Librarian - Jason

  * AI - Interfaces to virtual inputs, impersonates a real live user.  
    * Analyst - Chris L.
    * Tester - Chris L.
    * Designer - Chris B.
    * Programmer - Chris B.
    * Librarian - Chris B.

  * Scene Management - GUI, Cube Rotations, Camera, Drawing 
    * Analyst - Chris L.
    * Tester - Steven
    * Designer - Chris L./Steven
    * Programmer - Chris L.
    * Librarian - Chris L.

  * Game States - Manages the game modes.
    * Analyst - Steven
    * Tester - Chris L.
    * Designer - Chris L./Steven
    * Programmer - Steven
    * Librarian - Steven

  * Core Game Logic - Deals with the game loop and mediates the game services.
    * Analyst - Chris L.
    * Tester - Steven
    * Designer - Chris L./Steven
    * Programmer - Chris L.
    * Librarian - Chris L.

  * Sound - Manages the sound based upon the current game state.
    * Analyst - Jason
    * Tester - Chris B.
    * Designer - Jason
    * Programmer - Jason
    * Librarian - Jason

= Contingency Plan =
  * In the case that a Designer/Programmer will not be able to fulfill his duties, the tester will take over that role.  
  * In the case that a tester will not be able to fulfill his duties, another project member will have to take over that role.  